Introduction
In this practical you will be expected to design and simulate a mini-game.
This practical will have 3 stages, with each stage using concepts from the 
previous stage. Stage 1 will be the pre-practical and is important for stages 2 and 3 
conceptually.The simulator tool that you will use for this project is Wokwi. 
It is a new simulator but quite feature rich. Arduino has a webpage on 
how to use Wokwi (link: https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/Hack-star-Arduino/how-to-use-wokwi-arduino-simulator-in-2022-what-is-wokwi-304e6b ).
You can also check out Wokwi’s documentation (link: https://docs.wokwi.com/?utm_source=wokw ).
different sequence than the one shown at the beginning of the level).

The game – Capture The Light
There are 4 levels of this game. This is a game where a single LED is first lit at 
random, this LED indicates which LED is the one that must be ‘captured’, 
known as the target LED. The game setup has an array of LEDs with a single pushbutton. 
At each level the objective is to capture the target LED, to do this the user must 
press a button when the target LED is lit. After lighting the target LED the game 
begins with a specific number of LEDs being lit at random one by one at a certain 
speed (the number of LEDs lit is based on the level the player is playing). 
If the user presses the button while the target LED is not lit, they lose the game
and must restart. When the target LED is lit the user must press the pushbutton, 
at this point the LEDs must be lit in a certain sequence if the user successfully
presses the button fast enough ( the sequence shows the player that the level has 
been completed and the target LED has been successfully ‘captured’), it must then 
be indicated to the user that the next level will start. 
The levels increase in difficulty by the random lighting increasing in 
speed and variability until the user finishes the game at the final level. 
Note that the there must be 4 levels in total.

Link to instructions PDF for the practical:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/19pPL1LNVV66ZrL58oj6mFG7kfWjSDnbw/view?usp=sharing